(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

00:02
Welcome to this training. All I'm going to say to you now is just pay attention because what I'm about to share with you over the next 20 minutes, it's not even going to take that long, could really change your life. Genuinely, this business model that I'm going to share with you, I'm going to show you some real examples and everything is literally life changing. I can see it changing people's lives in front of my eyes. It's making crazy amounts of money. No one else is teaching this. So all you need to do is just stop the distractions and just

00:25
Pay attention to what I'm going to tell you over the next 20 minutes and it really could change your life, seriously. So let's dive into it. I'm going to walk you through how to build automated AI assets that generate 24/7 passive income. And that is not hype. I'm going to show you some results in a second. My phone is literally blowing up on a daily basis in genuine passive income from building simple AI systems that generate passive income. It really does work, right? And I know it works.

00:53
and I've tried many different ways of making money online and this is the best way. And I'm not even going to dwell on my results. I'm not even going to go on and say that I'm a top 1% Clickbank affiliate. I've made millions online because if you know me, you know all of that. But I'm only telling you that because none of that matters. The only thing that matters is this new way of making money that I'm going to walk through in this video

01:14
It's blowing my mind how much money it's making, right? It's generated me over $900,000 in 11 months from one simple system. So I shared some of these results on my YouTube channel. I didn't even share all of them. One system here generated me $145,000 in commissions from one income stream. Another income stream, $500,000.

01:33
here. Another income stream, which I didn't share, $148,000. Another income stream, which I'm going to touch on today in this training, $103,000 in 11 months from one system in passive income. And just to show you in case anyone didn't see the YouTube video, here, I will refresh this here. And you can see this is passive income that I'm generating from one of these systems.

01:55
every single day, $60, $37, $58, every day, $120, constant, constant. I've not even claimed these because I haven't even got around to claiming it yet. That's one income stream. Another income stream here, as you can see. So these are here.

02:08
22 10 10 22 22 36 every single day multiple every single day passive income coming in coming in every single day i'll refresh this here so you can see it's not a screenshot or anything like that it is a real earnings that i'm generating from this strategy that i'm going to share with you today once it loads as you can see there it's just loaded and

02:25
Another income stream here, generated me over $21,000 in the last seven days. If we change it to four weeks, I've generated over $74,000 from one of these systems. So seriously, pay attention. And I'm not even going to dwell anymore on the results. You just need to pay attention because this really does work and no one else is teaching it. And I was going to show you these results here, but I'm not even going to go into that.

02:46
What you're going to learn today for this fast paced training, because I just want to get you learning quick. I know your time is of importance, so let's just dive straight in. But I'm going to show you how to make obscene amounts of money from simple AI powered assets, right?

03:02
I'm going to show you this hybrid monetization secret. So I might touch on this in one of my YouTube videos. I showed you one income stream, which was affiliate marketing. I'm going to show you how you can actually plug into multiple income streams into these systems. I'm going to show you actual working versions of these systems so you can see them up and running.

03:19
And I'm going to reveal to you as well my free zero content traffic source, which you can plug one of these systems into and you're going to get access to 15 million buyers. No one's talking about this traffic source. I'm going to reveal it in this training today, plus some other golden nuggets. And if you stay until the end, which is going to be in about 20 minutes, it's not even going to take that long. If you stay until the end, I'm going to give you a link to my unclaimed database, which is a list of profitable alpha system ideas. So this whole strategy

03:47
One element to it is finding killer ideas that will work in certain niches. I have so many ideas that I actually haven't got the capacity to build them all. So I write them in a little list and I'm going to give you that list, that list of profitable ideas just for staying until the end of this training. That's all. You're going to get it free, no catch. And if you are liking what I'm teaching and you're excited about this as me, and hopefully you can see I'm super, super excited about this business model.

04:13
Stick around till the end because I've got a special invite for anyone that wants to take this really seriously. But yeah, let's just dive in. And I'm not even going to go into all of this. I'm just going to dive straight into this because I know I've spoken about this on one of my YouTube videos. But if not, it's all going to make sense anyway. But what you need to realise is that the current business model of making money online is changing. People don't want more information anymore. They want tools. They want shortcuts. They want utility. So that was the whole idea around this whole business model that I created.

04:41
I was thinking, how can I use AI to give people the shortcuts and tools? So this is where I came up with this. It's the Alpha System. So this is what I'm teaching here. And I did share a simplified version of this, but this is the more extreme version, the way that you can make so much more money from it. So essentially, what an Alpha System is, it's just a hub online, a certain niche,

05:02
online in a hub, and we're going to show you a bit more examples of how this works. These niches can be anything from real estate, betting, travel, crypto, Forex, social media, literally anything. Think of a niche, you could build an alpha system around it. Inside this hub, where these people are going to go, which is essentially like a community online, inside this community, we're going to have tools. So it's not just like a boring school community. It's going to have tools. These tools we're going to create with AI.

05:29
And those tools are going to solve a problem for that niche. And inside those tools, we're going to make money from one way of making money is from affiliate marketing. So we're going to incorporate affiliate links into these tools. So every time someone clicks on the tool, we can start, we make money. And I'll show you a live example of that in a minute. But we're also going to create super valuable tools and a super valuable alpha system

05:54
that people don't just want to join for free, they actually want to pay to be part of it because you are going to solve their problem.

06:01
so you can make money on the front end from paid subscriptions, which is one thing I've not touched on before, which I'll show you some results from in a second. And in addition to that, you could also make money from the upsells as well. So we can actually upsell them because we're going to build a community, a whole space online of people in a very specific niche. And you're going to know exactly what their pain points are, what they want. So then you can say, well, do you want to buy this additional training or do you want to just upgrade to the VIP section or a more advanced tool?

06:29
and that's how it works. So the way we can run this alpha system, you can actually run it for free and just make money off the affiliate marketing. You can create a niche in a certain niche that could be a real estate niche. You could create some tools in that real estate niche, and then you could have affiliate links that lead through to things. And I'm going to show you some examples in a second, or we can charge on the front end and then have upsells as well. So hopefully you can see that this is a fantastic business model with plenty of money to be made. And

06:55
There's lots of examples. I showed some other examples down here. So we've got a travel one where we can actually have people coming. I'll show you a real example of that in a second. But I'll show you this here. So this is my crypto one. So I built one in the crypto niche. So some of the results I showed you at the start from crypto. You don't need to know about crypto. I basically built out a system in the crypto niche

07:14
People join this. They use tools. So this tool gives them alerts when certain coins get volume. Incorporated into that is my affiliate links to these trading platforms. They see a coin they want to buy. They click buy because they get an alert. I earn commissions. That's how I earn a lot of those commissions that I showed you at the start. But the bit that I've not touched on is this here. So I actually charge them for access at the start.

07:38
So when they join, I say, well, it's £10 fee or whatever fee to actually be part of this. And because the tool solves a problem and helps them trade better in the crypto space, they're more than happy to pay. So I make money on the front end as well. So now two income streams. But then you would think, well, would people use the affiliate links if you're charging on the front end? You're going to reduce the market, less people are going to be joining. But no, I found out by doing this, I actually increased the value inside

08:04
more serious people joined, people with money joined. So I increased the front end revenue and made 100K on the front end from just one of these systems. In addition to that, I was making more money on the back end because more serious people were joining and they had money to actually spend. And in addition to that, I also have upsells as well. Let's have a sip of water.

08:26
So here, I can upsell them. So in this scenario, I upsell them to someone else's affiliate product. So I used affiliate marketing again in the crypto niche, found someone who had a higher ticket crypto product, which was a higher ticket community.

08:39
And I said, if you want more advanced alpha and you want more advanced community, then you can join here. So now I'm making money from the upsells. But I could have made money from just creating a VIP section or making a more advanced section inside my community if I wanted. But I was chasing the passive income and I just wanted an easy life. So that's why I didn't do that. And I'm rushing through this because I want to make sure you've got the full value here. And I'm trying to cram as much in because I know people have got really low attention spans.

09:07
But hopefully you understand this business model. We're using AI to create tools, we're hosting them inside a hub, and we're making money from multiple income streams. And I want you to really realise this because you've probably come from YouTube where you're looking at different side hustles and things like that. We're not building a little side hustle. We're building a fully fledged business. This is a fully fledged business with multiple income streams that you're going to be able to build with AI.

09:29
You're going to own it. But in addition to that, it's also going to be 90% passive income because I don't go in here posting. This is all automated. People join my crypto hub and they make money from trading and things like that. I make money on the back end. I make money on the front end. I'm not in there posting. They're not joining for me. Do you realise how powerful this is?

09:50
We're not selling utility. So we, I'm sorry, we are selling utility. We're not selling information. We're selling utility. This means that you don't have to be the expert. So one of the biggest things, the biggest objections that people have got online is like they want to make money online. But one of the main ways to make money online is by being an expert, by being the guy on YouTube, kind of like what I am in this scenario, like be the expert and then you can sell your knowledge.

10:15
But what about all the people who aren't experts? How do they make money online? Well, they do it with this brand new method because you don't need to be the expert. You don't need to create 32 video course. You don't need to create boring PDFs. You create tools that solve a problem in a specific niche. Those tools are the magnet which gets people to join. There's also a community aspect and you're going to make money. They're happy. You're happy. They make money. You make money.

10:41
And I just want to stress that this is not some boring, relentless school community. So even though there's a community aspect to this, we're not building a boring forum based community where people are going to be saying, how come you're not posting? How can you not posting? And you're promising them live videos every week to keep them hooked. No, no, no, that's not what it is. You're going to create tools with AI that keep them hooked. That's it. The tools are going to be simple. I'm going to touch on how you can create them in a second.

11:08
That's what's going to keep people hooked. It's not a boring school community. I can't stress that enough. But there will be a community aspect so people could, if it's in the crypto space, they can trade together. If it's in the travel space, they can share their travel pics together and any trips that they found and things like that. I'll show you a travel example in just a second.

11:29
But the other reason why this is a fantastic business model is because it's literally designed for passive income. So if you know me, you follow me online, one of my main goals in life is to build passive income streams. I've been doing it for years. I used to preach about affiliate marketing with recurring based products. This is a million times better because we're going to make money on the front end from subscriptions, passive income. We're going to make money inside from integrated affiliate links, passive income.

11:55
When people use the tools, we're going to generate passive income. Plus, the community makes it self-sufficient. So the community adds that extra value that you're not adding because you're not there. So people aren't joining for you. They're joining for the tools, but there's also a community aspect which makes it even more passive. It becomes self-sufficient.

12:15
It's like nothing you've seen before. And we're not just building web apps that are going to go on a random domain. That's not what we're doing. This is a brand new way of doing it. We're incorporating a community strategy with tools that solve problems. It becomes an ecosystem and it provides so much value and it just generates passive income every single day. And it's so fantastic.

12:36
And don't think of this as building some quick tools. Think of it as building high converting profit machines that print money and provide real value. So everyone wins in this scenario. We're not building quick tools. We're not just building web apps. We're building these little profit machines that are like hubs. And it's just fantastic. It really is. It's one of the best ways to make money. And I'm gonna show you some results and yeah, I'll show you one in a second. But just think of it this way, right?

13:05
The user is going to get insane value when they join your hub in your niche. They're going to get access to these tools. That's going to give them shortcuts. They don't want more information. They want shortcuts. They want to be able to trade better. They want to be able to find flights. They want to be able to find deals on certain things. And there's many different things. If it's in the real estate niche, if it's in the crypto niche, if it's in the reselling niche, if it's in vintage niche, if it's in

13:28
There's Pokemon niche, there's lots of them. They might want to find Pokemon cards and you might be able to create a tool that finds those cards and gives alerts when there's underpriced cards. They join that community to be part of that. The possibilities are endless. Anyway, they're getting value. In addition to that, they get to network with like-minded people. You get in return and the deal is genuinely...

13:49
more favorable to you because you get all of this in return. You are going to get by building out one of these alpha systems, hyperactive niche buyers. So these people are super active. They're logging in every day. You're going to create a tool that keeps them coming in every single day. This isn't just like a one time thing they did. They just use a calculator, a chat GPT calculator to find out one thing and then they're never going to use it again. We're going to create tools that keep them coming back every single day.

14:17
So you then have an active hub of people in your niche, which is so, so valuable. It's going to be a high trust user base because they're going to be getting value on a daily basis from the tools that you're going to create. But one really, really important thing that I just want to stress here, you're going to own the traffic source.

14:34
So if you know anything about marketing, there's an old saying which says the money is in the list. And this is from like years ago when people used to build big email lists. And if you build a big email list, you could make a lot of money from it because you could keep remarketing to that audience. And people say that the money is in the list. The bigger the email list, the more money you can make. Well, the issue is people don't really open emails anymore. So this is like owning a massive email list in a very specific niche

15:03
and you're going to have access to that audience on a daily basis. So you can go into your hub and if you find a new tool that you want to suggest to them, which is exactly what I did in my crypto one,

15:14
I found a new trading platform. They were all using this trading platform. This new one come out, I go in there, do an alert post, tag them all, check out this brand new trading platform. Thousands of people sign up to that straight away. You've got their attention and it is genuinely like having the highest converting hottest buyer list on steroids just by building out one of these systems.

15:35
And this is really valuable because you're taking the traffic from social media platforms. So if you've ever tried building out a Instagram or you try building out a Facebook or TikTok, that can get closed down. You can lose that. So people say build a following list on Instagram. I did it on TikTok. I got up to 100K on TikTok. They closed it down because I was posting side hustles. And they said it wasn't allowed. They said it was scamming. They shut it down. I lost that overnight.

16:02
But if you take that traffic, if I were to took that TikTok traffic and drove it into my alpha system, I would have had 100K or maybe not 100K, but I might have had 10K people of buyers that are super active in that niche that I own. So TikTok gets taken down, Instagram gets taken down. I still have an audience that I can keep marketing to. So it's super, super valuable.

16:23
You also get to automate the affiliate revenue. You get multiple streams of income. You own the market authority because now you are the even though you're not the expert, like your hub is the expert is where people want to go.

16:35
But one really important thing is you're creating a sellable digital asset. So someone actually offered me, true story this, someone offered me multiple six figures to buy my crypto. Some big guy in the crypto space, he wanted to buy my crypto community. I said, I'm making more than that every couple of months, mate, so just leave me alone. But because you're not the face of it, you don't have to be the face of it.

16:57
You can sell this. It's an asset. It's going to be generating income. It's like a business. It genuinely is like a business. So you're building this money printing ecosystem that's like nothing you've seen before. So this is why you really need to pay attention to this business model. And I'm going to show you quickly a quick example of this. So let me just go over here. So this is one that I built out. So

17:21
This is in the same day travel niche. So it's called Same Day Club. It's for extreme day trips. So this is a big, big trend in the UK at the minute. There's a big Facebook group about it. It's people that like to go on extreme day trips abroad. They want to fly out early in the morning,

17:34
and then they want to fly back late in the evening so they don't have to pay for hotels and they basically go abroad, go to Ibiza for one day and come back. It's like a trend, a little challenge that people do. And obviously to do that, they have to be looking at Skyscanner all day to find these flights. There's a big community on Facebook, people sharing flights and things like that. So I decided to build out an alpha system in this niche

17:54
And it's here and there's like a chat space where people can chat in the community. There's an onboarding section down here, but there's some tools and I'll just show you one of these tools, the same day trip bot. So this is an AI tool that I created with AI. And what this does, this alerts the community when these extreme day trips are found. So rather than having to go to Skyscanner, bleeding their eyes out, trying to find these flights that go out early in the morning and come back late at night like this one here to Amsterdam.

18:21
five o'clock in the morning, comes back nine at night. The bot that I've created finds those, it alerts the community, tells them how long they're going to get in Amsterdam, and then there's a button. Where do you think that button leads to? That's an affiliate link to Skyscanner. So they can book that flight through my affiliate link. Did you see how valuable that is? That's just one niche. That's just one example.

18:41
Obviously, there's multiple examples in the crypto space. It could be reselling. People who like to resell sneakers. There could be a bot like this that finds underpriced sneakers on eBay, alerts people that want to make profit from this, and then there's an affiliate link back through to eBay so you can make money. Plus people can pay to have access to it.

19:00
I've also got one of my students as well who's just built out of this. I'm going to give you a quick sneak peek of it. It's in the FIRE niche. So people that want to retire earlier, he's only just built this out. He's in the process of building out at the moment, but he's literally built out this full thing. It's basically people who want to retire earlier. So they basically want to save and invest all their money and retire before 40. Big, massive community on Reddit.

19:23
He's built out this alpha system in this niche and he's got like an onboarding system where they basically input all of their information, how much money they've made, all of that, and it basically tells them when they can retire, walks them through it here just like this. This is what I filled in before with some test information. Tells them when they can retire and then it...

19:41
It upsells them to affiliate programs for investment platforms and things like that. And he's got lots of other tools and things in there. This is the kind of thing that you can build with this strategy. And I hope you can see how valuable this is. And I'm giving away some golden nuggets here because it is really like off the scale. And you might be thinking,

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
