(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

00:01
But this is not the hard part in this equation. Building AI apps, you might have heard it. You might have even tried building an AI app before. That's not the hard part because the truth is 99% of apps that are created with AI get zero users. You need to know

00:16
how to launch and how to market and monetize these apps. So don't create an app for the sake of creating an app. You will get no visitors to it. Seriously, many people do this. You need to know this bit to make this a success. So how do we market this? Well, I'm going to touch on this traffic source now, and then I'm going to give you the list of ideas as well. So make sure you stay tuned for that. We're just going to cut your learning curve in half, but the zero content traffic source. So this is just one of the traffic sources that I'm using for my offer system.

00:45
But the truth is, if you don't have traffic, you don't have a business. So many people create these apps. They use this AI app builders, which makes it so easy to build them. They list the app on a random domain, and then they hope people are going to come and find it. Well, they're not going to come and find it. And even if you manage to get it ranked on Google, no one's using Google that much anymore because people are now using AI. So like, how are they going to get traffic? You need to really work out the traffic.

01:09
And the good news is your alpha system can be plugged into any traffic source, but I'm going to reveal one that is going to give you a massive head start. Now, this is actually value you're going to get here because this is a traffic advantage that is so, so untapped. It's got over 15 million visitors every single month. It's growing super fast. It's not saturated. This is like an early stage opportunity. And genuinely, this feels like

01:32
like learning about Amazon FBA in 2014 before it blew up, or learning about Shopify in 2010 before everyone started dropshipping on it. You're so early to it just by knowing about this. And look, you can see here, 15 million visitors. The good thing about this is you don't have to post content. You don't have to post every day. It's not about building your personal brand. It's not about showing your face. It's not social media. It's in-demand traffic.

01:55
And I genuinely showed this to one of my early beta students. They followed this system, right? They listed their alpha system once and they genuinely started earning income immediately. Now, this is just a snapshot from my back office. I referred him to this platform. So that's my earnings because I get a cut from their customer's fees, which is why it says like 23p and stuff. This is their earnings here because they're just charging a small amount on the front end for their alpha system. And they're making a lot on the back end from affiliate marketing. And I'm going to show you some results from his

02:25
from him in a minute. But you can see here, multiple sales every single day from his alpha system, from this traffic source. So seriously, this is a fantastic traffic source. And the traffic source is what? Now you might have heard of this, but it is a fantastic place for this business model. So it's a bit like, if you've not heard of it, it's a bit like Amazon for digital products. It's free to list your product. It's new, it's fresh, it's untapped. Like I said, it's like Amazon FBA in 2040.

02:53
And it's getting over 15 million visits every single month. And these aren't like TikTok views. So you might think 15 million, that's not that crazy. They're not TikTok views. They're red hot buyers of people looking for solutions like yours. So they come here and they might type something like meme coin trading. And your alpha system can be at the top getting clicks, getting people signing up, earning you money on the back end. And the great news for you is, because you're watching this now,

03:20
your competition doesn't know about this brand new alpha system strategy that I'm teaching you today. They're still listing on here basic communities, basic courses. They're still trying to sell information. But when you combine this traffic source with this alpha system strategy that I'm teaching you today, and you build it properly using high value tools,

03:40
You're going to stand out. You're going to be able to deliver more value and you're going to be able to earn more money than everyone else. And this is just one snapshot from one of my WAPs that I've created, one of my alpha systems. And as you can see, I joined the 100K Club. I'm in the top 4.7% of businesses on WAP because I know how to do this. I know how to do this perfectly. I know the exact strategies to make this work and get to the top of WAP.

04:04
And another little side note as well, WAPI is not just a traffic source, it's the payment processor. It's got your sales page, the checkout, the email marketing, it's the entire infrastructure. It replaces Stripe if you've ever used Stripe. And the good thing about this is, this is just a side note for anyone that's ever done any kind of internet marketing, they're not strict. So if you try selling stuff on Stripe, if you try selling money-making stuff or crypto or anything that's a bit like they don't like, they'll just ban your account and they can actually hold your funds.

04:33
WAP is the opposite. They allow you to sell anything. They allow you to sell anything, crypto, whatever it is, in any niche. And you can host your whole alpha system on WAP. But the issue is that most people watching this now, they'll fail, right? So I don't want you to fail because they're going to list it on WAP.

04:51
And then they'll just flop because all I think that you need to do, you're watching this now thinking, all I need to do now is just go and build a cool app with one of these AI app builders. List it on WAP. It can't be that hard, can it? Well, the truth is you will flop because there's a lot more to this that you need to understand. You need to understand like,

05:07
how to build out a killer idea, how to validate the idea, how to build out a killer offer that people want to be part of, people will pay you money to be part of. You need to understand advanced AI app design as well, because a lot of people are teaching how to build basic calculators. There's another level to this, is to create more advanced apps, apps that actually bring real-time data in, like trading bots and things like that.

05:31
or in many different niches like the Travelbot. You also need to know how to rank on WAP as well, because just posting on WAP, you'll just be at the bottom of the list. You need to understand the tips and tricks behind it. You need to understand how to build a viral traffic system off of WAP, which I've mastered fantastically. Plus the automated sales flow, pricing strategies, the success, how to launch successfully, which I've literally just done and made like over 70K in four weeks from a successful launch strategy.

05:59
And this here is what turns this bit from another failed side hustle into a fully fledged business. So one thing that you need to do is that you need to realise that if you get one of these elements wrong or you don't do this right, you're going to end up like 99% of other people who've tried to launch an AI app because there's a lot of people who have tried doing this, vibe coding they call it, and they end up with zero users with zero revenue. They're still working a job that they hate, looking for the next opportunity. So you need to do it right.

06:28
So you've got two options now, right? Option one is you could just take what I've shown you today and you could just try and piece it together. Try and teach yourself by watching some random YouTube videos where they only give you half of the picture. Go and ask ChatGPT that will give you the wrong information. Go on forums, trial and error.

06:46
and try and get there. Or what you can do is you can build alongside someone else who's already mastered it. You can build alongside me so you can get shortcuts to the mistakes that I've made. You can move faster and you can start making money as fast as possible using my proven strategy. So this is what I want to introduce you to and give you a very special invite to my Alpha System Accelerator.

07:08
So I've launched this program. I've got people in it already, and I'm going to show you some results and some of the feedback that I'm getting from this. It's off the scale. This is like nothing you've seen before. I've launched the Alpha System Accelerator. It's a four week implementation accelerator.

07:21
where I'm going to walk you through the four phases of building out your money-making asset. So I walk you through everything from idea, niche verification in week one. By week four, you're going to have a fully ranked, which is very important, live system getting traffic and making you money. So you're not just building a random app and just leaving it somewhere. You're going to have a full system, a full alpha system following my strategy, ranking and making money. So it's

07:48
broken into four different phases. You can go through it at whichever pace you like, but it's split over four weeks if you want to do it over four weeks. Step-by-step framework. I teach you how to go from blank page to this live money-making asset. I give you the proven breakdowns for every single scenario.

08:05
I've got direct over the shoulder support from me. So we do live calls in there all the time. You've got direct chat, direct DMs to me. You've got full access to me to help you build out this full alpha system from scratch. And it's going to be a great deal. So just make sure you keep watching.

08:24
So phase one, I walk you through setting up the business. I walk you through finding your killer profitable idea. So finding the ideas is one of the keys. So we need to make sure we're validating our ideas before we even start building. I'm going to show you how to finalise your offer. And you can see someone's review for just this section in just a second. It blew their mind because I'm going to show you how to finalise your offer and your USP. So you're going to not leave phase one until you've got a profitable idea that we both agree on. That is a solid idea that's going to make you money.

08:52
And then you're going to move into phase two and you're going to start building. This is where most people start when they start with these AI apps. They just start building with a really quick idea and that's why they flop. Then in phase two, we're going to walk through how to master these prompt-based app building. I'm going to show you how to create simple and advanced bots. I'm going to show you the whole WAP technical setup because that's really important as well, how we actually incorporate into WAP.

09:18
how to build out the sales pages, everything. So by phase two in this programme, if you actually take part today, you're going to have your own alpha system business up and running by phase two, right? And there's some people that have done this in like literally in less than a week. So you can power through this as quick as you want. Phase three,

09:38
we're gonna launch. So I've got a full strategy all about launching. I am amazing at launching these alpha systems. Every time I launch one, they're successful because I understand exactly how to do it. So I'm gonna show you how to execute a zero audience soft launch, so you do not need any audience at all. I'm gonna show you how to secure your first 100 members fast, so you're gonna get people coming straight away into it, even if you've got zero audience. I'm gonna show you some epic strategies like the five-star review strategy, which is gonna end up giving you five-star reviews, which is gonna help you rank on what, which is a little side note.

10:07
I'm going to show you all about mastering the pricing, monetization, everything is going to be covered. And that's not even the main bit. That's just the launch to get you up and running and get you start to make money from your own alpha system. Then we tap into traffic and scale. So and it's not going to be 599 if you're reading ahead. That's just how much it's worth.

10:26
we're going to tap into traffic and scale in phase four. So we're going to take your working alpha system that's got members, it's got reviews, it's got good feedback, it's making you money, and we're going to scale it. So we're going to tap into

10:39
So we go deep into marketing foundations. You'll see some of the feedback from these sections in a second, 'cause it's blowing people's minds. I'm gonna show you how to deploy the Prism strategy, how to build viral traffic systems that you don't even need to show your face for, and some other hidden profit accelerators. So that's what you're gonna get access to if you join the Alpha System Accelerator today. And that is valued alone at 5,999, right? That's how much it's worth, because it's literally making me hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. It's off the scale, right?

11:09
what this is value, how much this is worth. And I think it's worth a lot more. But in addition to that, I'm going to give you this golden nugget, right? So this is a fantastic WAP ranking system that I've personally built. And it's going to guarantee that you're going to rank on WAP for your keyword. So like I told you, WAP is a fantastic traffic source, but it's no good if you just list and you don't know how to rank. So I've created a piece of software that is going to allow you to rank on

11:37
on the top of WAP for your keyword. So someone comes there, they type your keyword in your niche, and you're going to be right at the top following this ranking system. And that's going to be worth, that is worth $1,500 per year. But just think, you're going to tap into all of this free traffic. So if you were to compare that with running ads, and you're going to get

11:59
into this 15 million people that are coming to what looking for tools like yours and you're right at the top, that's worth a lot more just in itself, just having access to that tool. Plus, there's so much more stuff that you're going to get inside here as well. I've got way more tools. So we've got Alpha Software Suite, a niche validator tool. So when you're going through the validation, you're working out if it's a profitable niche, we've got a tool for that.

12:19
A niche opportunity explorer, where we look at how much you can make from this niche. We compare it with how much search traffic it's getting, if it's a trending niche. And basically we look at how much money you can make from your alpha system before you start building using this epic tool. And we've also got Riva competitor analysis tool, which is going to allow you to spy on competitors and then yeah, you can execute what they're missing out on. And that alone is worth at least $700 per year.

12:45
Plus, you're going to get access to the Alpha Builders community if you join today. So this is a private community. You'll see some snapshots in a second from the community of people building. They're doing what you're going to be doing. They're building out these Alpha Systems. It's not a generic community of some people doing dropshipping, some people doing affiliate marketing. It's a core group of people that are all sat there building out Alpha Systems. You can all share tips and tricks and it's going off in there already. $600 per year that's worth.

13:12
Plus, you've got the Instagram selling machine. So once you've actually tapped into the free traffic sources and we've got faces traffic sources and we've got all of these other other strategies and warp and all of that for the launch, we also tap into Instagram. So I show you how to build out an Instagram selling machine which can be fully automated. You can even do that faceless with AI as well. Side note, I'm going to show you how to build out a full system on Instagram that's valued at four nine seven plus. Obviously, you know, I'm big on YouTube,

13:41
People always ask me, teach me how to do YouTube because I don't post that often. But when I do post, the videos get a lot of traction because I understand the algorithm. So I've created a full training specifically for your alpha system that you can run

13:54
on YouTube, you can do faceless, I show you all about the YouTube algorithm, how to build this out and send unlimited customers to your WAP valued at 497. So that is everything that you're going to get access to if you join this alpha system today, Alpha System Accelerator, you get access to all of that. And that if you added all that value up is worth over $9,000. But you're not going to pay that today. I've got a crazy deal. So make sure you stay for the crazy deal.

14:20
and the value of this and this is actually the price that i am going to be charging for this five thousand dollars this is how much it's worth and i am so comf confident that it's worth this price because it's making me crazy amounts of money and it's making other people money i'm going to show you some results in a second

14:36
But you're not going to pay that today because I've come up with a genius way that's going to allow my followers only that are watching this training to get in for a much lower price. And no one's ever done anything like this. And this is possible thanks to WAP. So this is why I'm going to do this. So you're going to be able to get in today just on this replay. This is for the launch price of 995. Now we've already got people in there. There's over 90 people in there already. So you're a bit late. We kind of did a pre-launch a little while ago. But this is the launch price, 995.

15:07
But like I said, it's valued at $5,000. So what I've decided to do is because I don't want to give it away for 995. I want to give it away for $5,000 because that is exactly what it's worth. But I'm going to let you in today for 995. There's a full seven day money back guarantee. And we've got split payments and Klarna and all of that and split it and pay later and whatever it is on the checkout. So all you need to do is go to alphasystem.ai forward slash join if you want to join.

15:32
And you can get started with like a few hundred dollars if you use one of those split payment options, 995. But what I ask, if you do sign up to this, is that you basically do a revenue share with me.

15:46
So inside of WAP, when you set up your WAP community, there's an option where you can click share revenue. And then you can put in my email and then you can agree to share 10% of your profits with someone on WAP and that's gonna be me. So the idea is you agree to getting in at this low price of 995 and then you share 10% of your profits with me. So that gives me a massive incentive to make sure that you absolutely crush it and make crazy amounts of money. And then once I've made back

16:16
the $4,000 that you owe me for giving you this crazy launch price, you can turn that off and you can carry on. So essentially, so this isn't complicated, you're not gonna pay $5,000 to me until you've made at least $40,000 in profit. That is how this is gonna work. But just to make it very, very clear,

16:35
you don't owe me anything. If you decide that it's not for you, you can just leave at any point. It's not like you owe me 5K and I'm going to be chasing you. Nothing like that. It's just I want a cut of your profit, which is going to give me an incentive to push you and make as much money as possible. If you change your mind or you don't make any money or whatever, then that's it. We call it quits. That's fine. You don't owe me anything. Right?

16:56
You just pay the 995 today. It's going to secure your spot. And then you can get, there's a seven day money back guarantee as well. So if you go in, check out the training, see whether it's for you. If it's not for you, then you can jump out if you want. But I think this is a really good business model, which is going to really incentivize me. It's going to allow you guys to get in for the super low price. You don't have to pay 5k upfront.

17:18
and you only pay it once you make at least 40K. Win-win for everyone. And what I've decided to do as well is do this crazy bonus where if you actually sign up today on this live workshop, this workshop, you're gonna get access to my Alpha System Inner Circle. So what I've done is I've created an Alpha System Inner Circle. This is usually $300 per month to be part of this, but you can join it today for free for signing up

17:43
on this workshop. And this is going to have direct access to me. So you can ask me direct questions. But it's not just that it's a network of elite builders. So we've got the main chat, we've got the main community inside. And I'm going to show you a little preview of it in a second. We've got the main chat, we've got all of that inside. But there's also an elite space. This is like people that want to pay for access to this space, or people that are action takers on today's call.

18:06
And this is slightly more elite builders, people who are actually really taking this seriously, more high net worth people. And you're going to get priority strategy feedback from me. So if you want me to jump on and answer you, I've got this thing where basically I will give you a video reply. So if you submit a question, I will give you a physical video reply going into detail about your question. That is inside the inner circle only. You're going to get full access to that in this no noise environment.

18:30
and it's a seven-day money-back guarantee. So sign up now, alphasystem.ai forward slash join.

18:38
all you have to pay is 995 like i said and then we can set it up once you're inside we'll set up the rev share 10 of your profits until i get the 5k back if you change your mind or whatever or you you don't make any money or anything happens then that's absolutely fine you don't owe me anything but this is just a real fair way of me being able to get that that um 5k for what this is worth this training but you only pay if you make profit so it's like win-win for you you're only gonna pay if you make profit

19:06
and I get my 5K, I get a bigger incentive to ensure that I'm giving you my all to ensure you make crazy amounts of money because that's when I get paid the most money. And I just want to show you this because this is what happens when you take action. So this is one of my students.

19:20
And I'll show you a few more reviews and stuff. He's one of my students who took action and he joined this programme and just see what money he's making from this. Oh, sorry, it's over there. Just a little testimonial for Liam James Kay. I have recently started implementing his new strategy for a passive income machine. And guess what? It is working. No surprise there. My community is thriving. I've got a group of over, I think it's nearly 600 people now and I'm making anywhere between 350 and $500 per day. This works. If you're in any mind at all,

19:49
please give it a go yourself. This is genuinely working a treat. So he's earning over 350 to 500 dollars per day from this very strategy.

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
